Hey Dad, what type of who is this?
This is Tamboti, you know?
Jehovah made this strong and durable.
Hey, just like you, Mombi.
Just like you, Dad.
Come back again.
Let's try this.
Hey, see?
Oh, Mombi.
How are you, sir?
How are you?
How are you doing?
How was your day?
Good.
How about service?
Oh, wonderful.
Parvamos, are you still coming for dinner tonight?
Of course.
Guess what?
He's staying for family worship, too.
Yes.
You're no cool with dropping off when we finish.
Oh, okay.
Thanks, you're no cool.
You know the invitation is still open for you.
Thanks so much for money.
Yeah.
Okay.
All right, brothers.
The brothers have a good one.
Okay, see you soon.
So, it's the head to the family, too.
Braja.
Hey, see for it.
How are you doing?
Good.
How are you two doing?
Oh, the baby kept me up all night.
Kicking again, huh?
Yes.
How's the family doing today?
Oh, they're doing good.
Oh.
A money is making dinner.
We have family worship today, too.
Oh.
Yeah.
We have such good parents.
Always teaching.
Oh.
It takes a lot of patience and practice.
But don't worry.
You're going to be a great mother.
I can already tell.
Thank you.
And you won't be alone.
We'll be here to help you.
We want to help you teach your child about Jehovah.
You're part of our family now.
Thank you.
Yeah.
See for it.
Hey, I'm money.
How are you doing?
I'm doing good.
Yeah, good.
Are you going to be staying for dinner?
No, no, no.
I just wanted to say hi.
Are we still on for a Bible Saturday tomorrow?
Yes, I'm looking forward to it.
Okay.
All right.
See you.
Bye, see you for it.
Bye.
See you tomorrow.
See you.
You're doing so great with her.
Thank you.
Can't wait to see her get baptized.
I pray so.
Yeah.
Let me go finish up dinner.
Okay.
I'll come inside and help you.
You're smelling good.
Thank you.
Oh, good.
Good.
How are you?
Wow.
Going to every day.
Oh.
Good.
Yeah.
Don't be here.
That's my brother.
Hey, someone brings you back.
Give this to the family, of course.
Plus, I wanted to bring you a gift, too.
Oh.
Yeah.
And we need to talk.
Have something for us to talk about.
Okay, kids.
Let's go.
Let's get some privacy.
Okay.
You don't have to bring a gift every time you come to visit.
I want to.
My brother.
Here.
This is nice.
Thank you.
You're welcome.
This is too much.
Amani, this is nothing.
I actually got an upgrade.
You can use this one.
Okay.
I'm glad you like it.
Amani, there's something we have to talk about.
Let me ask.
How steady has your work been lately?
My carpentry work is being slow.
But we're getting by.
You know, my mom and I, we sell a woodcarb inside the market
for some extra income.
Wow.
Amani, look how you've done on our land.
You're a good carpenter.
You built this house.
And you have a beautiful family, too.
It's mom and dad who are alive.
They will be very proud of you.
We know what I'm thinking, Amani.
With your skillset, you could have more.
I'm talking about real security for you and the family.
A real government carpentry contract.
See, just look here.
This is the amount we can't be making.
Yes.
Yes, for real.
All you need to do, Amani, is just...
Yeah.
Not a party card.
You know I can't sign this.
Wait.
You didn't sign me up, did you?
I know what you're thinking about, Amani.
See, you don't have to involve yourself with the political ideas.
You don't even have to attend any of the rallies.
You know what, forget it.
I'll take care of this one.
Basically, you'll be working for me.
So, don't worry about the card.
All I need you to do is just sign here.
And this becomes a reality for us.
Amani, you know I love you.
And if you become successful, I will be very happy.
I have to get back.
But just think about it.
And think about the family, too.
So, tonight, we're going to continue with our study of the account of Joseph.
Remember last week we discussed how Joseph was wrongly accused?
And yet, he was able to make peace with his brothers.
Thank you, Dad. She needs to hear this.
Papa Musa.
Yes, may I share a voice that has always been a lot to me.
Please do.
This is one of my favorites.
Psalm 37 verse 5.
Commit your way to Jehovah.
Relay on him.
And he will act in your behalf.
For me, this is exactly what Joseph had to do.
But do you remember how long Joseph had to endure,
slavery, and imprisonment in Egypt?
13 years.
Yes, Maombi.
Even longer than you have been alive.
So, what helped Joseph to be patient all those years?
Well, think back to the first.
Commit your way to Jehovah.
Joseph didn't know how everything would turn out.
And a lot of things were out of his control.
When Joseph committed his way to Jehovah,
Jehovah always acted in his behalf.
Even in prison.
Jehovah was always with him.
If we prayerfully rely on Jehovah,
Jehovah will act in our behalf.
That's a beautiful point, Musa.
Thank you.
So, children, how can we apply that verse today?
Well, we can pray to Jehovah for courage.
Just like Joseph did in the original song.
Can we sing it tonight?
Yes, Zawadi.
A little later though.
But you're right, Maombi.
Prayer is very essential, especially for a family
if we're going to endure these last days.
What about Uncle Danil?
Does he pray to Jehovah?
No, maybe.
But we can't look into his heart.
Yeah.
Musa taught us both when we were boys.
So he knows about Jehovah.
But no one can make him love Jehovah.
Yes, I remember those days.
Your father and uncle Danil, they were trouble.
Both of them were so independent.
I wish I had done more to help Danil.
We haven't given up on him yet.
Okay, children, let's keep digging.
Let's continue with the account of Joseph
to see what else we can learn from the second part.
Can we take turns as characters?
How to read Joseph's part?
Okay, let's do that.
Genesis chapter 40.
And Zawadi will be Joseph.
No.
Appreciate it.
No, thank you.
Come on, Maombi.
Free shirts.
Dad, can I play some music?
Sure, grab it.
Nah.
There's no need to worry.
Okay.
Will they come here?
No.
These are just threats.
Rumors.
There's nothing to it.
Listen, change the station.
Why don't you play some music?
We humbly come before you.
In the name of your son, Jesus Christ.
Amen.
Thank you, brother, so much for making the time to come tonight.
So we can talk about an important matter.
As you are aware, the branch has recommended that we meet
and discuss the possibility of several unrest in our area.
You know, just yesterday, the marketplace was buzzing.
There will always be rumors surrounding the elections.
But you know, we had some reports on the radio.
I want us to see what the threat is in our area
and what we can do for their friends.
So we can help them if they decide to flee.
Did they direct us to leave or ask us to think about it?
Well, they have advised us to have a plan.
The way people are feeling about the current leadership now
is just a matter of time that I conflict to come in this area.
The safety of the congregation is the concern.
Yes, I agree with that.
You know, I've heard about the violence of these militias
towards other tribes.
But is it worth alarming the congregation?
Has anyone actually seen anything out of the ordinary here?
This is serious.
Whether it's smoke, there's fire.
I'm sorry.
That's what I'm trying to say.
Telling the friends to flee now?
Brothers, I've been through this before.
And trust me.
There isn't even smoke here.
Doesn't this seem a bit hasty?
Yes, it seems so.
Brothers, we may differ in our opinions.
But remember, we are still one body.
And think about the times that we live in.
These are the last of the last days.
So we expect that these conditions would increase.
Proverbs 22, verse 3.
Remember, it tells us the shoe one sees the danger
and conceals himself.
So it is true to prepare the congregation mentally and spiritually.
Thank you so much, Musa.
You've helped us to have a unified thought in this matter.
So if it is okay with you, brothers, I have an exit plan.
I brought the map of our territory
and where the brothers and sisters live
and where they can't flee to.
Let's look at it together.
Time for bed.
I'm keeping it going.
It's getting late.
Time for bed.
Okay.
Good night.
Manny, wake up.
We have to go right now.
I've been through this before.
And trust me.
There isn't even smoke here.
You okay?
I keep thinking about what my family experienced when I was young.
We had to run for our safety.
At least that's what we thought we were doing.
But when we left, we lost everything.
For what?
For nothing.
And just like that, the conflict passed.
That was it.
Is that happening now?
Would we have to flee?
We received the reaction from the branch.
Those brothers are so far away though.
I keep wondering if they have been overly cautious.
Maybe for the brothers in the city.
But for us here,
it's that the right decision.
Would we have to go to a camp?
I think about Musa.
He would not be able to make such a trip.
I'm thinking about Sifah too.
You know around the elections, these tensions always seem to pop up.
But overall,
things are pretty stable around here, don't you think?
I mean, dunia.
Dunia offered me a contract.
This work is guaranteed.
Amani, this is more money than we've ever had.
This could be a blessing from Jehovah.
He wouldn't have this great buy.
If we were to leave now, this opportunity would go with it.
The door would be shut.
The whole point of us building this house
was to give our children a better life.
I just don't want them to experience what I went through.
Trust me.
In a couple of weeks, this time we'll just blow over.
You think so?
Yeah.
Just wait.
You see.
Me?
Yes, sir.
Nice to meet you.
Your brother sent me.
Yeah.
For the stools, right?
For the stools.
Let me get them for you.
Yes.
Your brother said you did good work.
Of course, I do by myself.
Got my tooth right here.
Nice.
Yeah, here you go.
How much for four of them?
For the four?
105.
Can we do 100?
You know, I'll take 100.
100?
Okay.
I appreciate it.
All right.
Have a good one.
Good dance for Raja.
Papa Musa.
Children.
How are you all?
Good.
Very wonderful.
Look like you're ready for school, huh?
Now pack your book back so we can go.
Okay.
How are you, my dear?
Good.
It's good to see you.
It's a beautiful day.
Mm-hmm.
Ah, Jehovah is good to us.
I was wondering.
It's a money.
No.
He's putting in another long day at the market.
Ah, shame.
I was hoping I could talk with him.
Yeah, he's been on my mind lately.
You know, I'm kind of worried about him too.
All they talk about fleeing is bringing back a lot of bad memories for him.
Yes, yes.
I remember those days.
It was tough on them.
Yeah.
But it looks like things are coming down.
Getting back to normal.
So I'm thankful for that.
Well, that's what I wanted to talk to a money about.
You see, some of their family has their deciding to leave.
Really?
Why?
Do you think things are getting worse?
You never know about these things.
But we have to remain watchful.
This is News Radio 93.6.
As an update to our reporting from yesterday,
the leaders from both sides have agreed to meet and discuss bringing peace to the region.
The talks are set for tomorrow morning.
Now let's go to our correspondent who's asked you to be.
And we ask who led up to these negotiations.
What can you tell us?
Yes.
Many have been fleeing the violence to find tape here across the borders.
But with peace talks...
You got this?
Yep.
Let's do it.
We need to go.
Damn.
We just got here.
I know.
We are leaving.
We're near.
My brother, how are you?
To meet this man.
Bakari!
No, Bakari!
I wanted to talk to you about it.
You meet him first.
To meet my man.
That's my brother.
So...
You are a man.
Yes.
I hear you are quite talented.
Very much.
Thank you.
We're excited to work with you.
And that must be your boy.
Hello.
Hey.
Are you ready to work with your dad before this new work
and huge contract coming his way?
You are our country's future.
Remember that.
Thank you.
Listen, Dania.
I'm sorry.
I appreciate this offer.
But I can't accept it.
He doesn't know what it's saying now.
We can't still work out the details.
And then...
He'll come back.
He's okay.
See all those people out there?
Yeah.
They would love to work with me.
This is not an offer you refuse.
And you...
You said this was all done and you had it all covered.
He'll be fine.
Fix it!
And don't waste my time.
Benia, you have to let me explain.
Explain what, Amani.
How could you embarrass me like that in front of him?
You don't understand.
Understand what?
This is a lifetime deal for the family.
You see why I don't bring big contract to you?
I can't believe you.
How could you refuse that?
Hold on, hold on.
In front of him.
I can't believe this.
You're cold, dude.